link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/rodhent/pen/qBZWzzq?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML elements are those that clearly describe their meaning in a human- and machine-readable way.

    2. What is HTML used for?
    it's used 
 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 is a tag that indicates a heading on a website. It's best to use just once in a page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tag and <a> tag

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The <head> tag contains metadata (document title, character set, styles, links, scripts), 
    specific information about the web page that is not displayed to the user.
     
    7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element (the value must be unique within the HTML document). 
    The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript (via the HTML DOM) to manipulate the element with the specific id.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    The id specifies a unique id for an HTML element.
    The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript to manipulate the element with the specific id.


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    The value must be unique within the HTML document.

    10. What is a class?
    The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element. 
    The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet. 
    However, it can also be used by a JavaScript to make changes to HTML elements with a specified class. 


    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The class attribute can be used on any HTML element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    It can be used as many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed. 
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it 
    because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    To select an element with a specific id, write (#) character, followed by the id of the element.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS.
    The <section> tag defines an area of a document that can be a part or sector like Header Section, Footer Section, etc.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS define styles including the design.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The class selector uses the HTML class attribute. id is used when we have to apply CSS property to one attribute only. 
    class is used when we have to use CSS property in many locations within the same page or different.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, 
    followed by the name of the class. You can also specify that only specific HTML elements should be affected by a class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human  p { 
        ... : ...;
        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.


    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {
        ...: ...;
        }


    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Change The Spacing Between Lines. Use the line-height property in CSS to do so. 
    Browsers by default will create a certain amount of space between lines to ensure that the text is easily readable. 
    For example, for 12-point type, a browser will place about 1 point of vertical space between lines.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    he letter-spacing property is used to specify the amount of space between letters. 
    You can set the letter-spacing property value to increases or decreases the space between characters in a text.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The text-transform CSS property specifies how to capitalize an element's text. It can be used to make text appear in all-uppercase or all-lowercase, or with each word capitalized.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div.example{
    border: 1px dotted black;
    } 

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {
    ...: ...;
    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Using the command LS

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    use the dir command to view the files and folders within. 
    Type dir to get a list of everything in your current directory (displayed at the start of the command prompt). 
    Alternatively, use dir "Folder Name" to list the contents of a named sub-directory.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm command - it does not ask you for confirmation when deleting files.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, 
    tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    At least a couple of times every hour

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push command

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    -Fork
    -Add TL 
    -Clone Repo
    -Create a branch (git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName')
    -Submit PR into the new branch
    -Make sure it's own student fork
    -Add TL as a reviewer on the PR
    -Do not merge your own pull request
    -TL will merge the PR after they have done a review


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Example: <span>
    Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occur. Example: <div>, <p>, <h1>
    You can't put block elements inside inline elements. This can be changed using CSS. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Absolutely positioned elements are removed entirely from the document flow. 
    That means they have no effect at all on their parent element or on the elements that occur after them in the source code. 
    An absolutely positioned element will therefore overlap other content unless you take action to prevent it.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 




    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
   



    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 